README.md, before:

# Federal Holiday Service

This is a service that allows users to get, add, update, and
delete federal holidays for each country.

Users can also upload CSV files to be able to perform a batch
update. Any dates that were previously saved before a file was uploaded
will be updated to match the new description. Any new dates will
be added to the DB.

## Get

### Get all holidays by country `/holiday/{country}`

- GET '/holiday/CA'
- GET '/holiday/US'

### Get all holidays by country and year `/holiday/{country}/{year}`

- GET '/holiday/CA/2025'
- GET '/holiday/US/2026'

### Get all remaining holidays by country in current year `/holiday/{country}/remaining`

- GET '/holiday/CA/remaining'
- GET '/holiday/US/remaining'

## Post
Add new holiday 
- POST '/holiday' with body
```
{
    "country": "US",
    "date": "2026-07-04",
    "description": "Independance Day"
}
```

## Put
Update holiday by ID
- PUT '/holiday/{id}' with body
```
{
    "country": "CA",
    "date": "2026-07-01",
    "description": "Independance Day"
}
```

## Delete
Delete holiday by ID
- DELETE '/holiday/{id}'

## Upload
Upload file (example data.csv provided in resources folder)
- POST '/holiday/upload'
```
{
    "file": {multi-part file}, 
}
```

Commit message:

Added docker and updated application.properties to yml

README.md, after:

# Federal Holiday Service

This is a service that allows users to get, add, update, and
delete federal holidays for each country.

Users can also upload CSV files to be able to perform a batch
update. Any dates that were previously saved before a file was uploaded
will be updated to match the new description. Any new dates will
be added to the DB.

# Setup
## Installation
- Docker [Install Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-started/)
- Intellij [Install Intellij](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/download/?section=mac)
- Postman [Install Postman](https://www.postman.com/downloads/)

## Clone the repo locally
`git clone https://github.com/ShreyK/Holidays`

## Run postgres locally
Run `docker-compose up --build` in a terminal under the Holidays repo

## Run the application using your IDE of choice
Recommended to use Intellij

## Use the postman collection
Import the postman collection in the repo to use the endpoints easily.


# Endpoints

## Get

### Get all holidays by country `/holiday/{country}`

- GET '/holiday/CA'
- GET '/holiday/US'

### Get all holidays by country and year `/holiday/{country}/{year}`

- GET '/holiday/CA/2025'
- GET '/holiday/US/2026'

### Get all remaining holidays by country in current year `/holiday/{country}/remaining`

- GET '/holiday/CA/remaining'
- GET '/holiday/US/remaining'

## Post
Add new holiday 
- POST '/holiday' with body
```
{
    "country": "US",
    "date": "2026-07-04",
    "description": "Independance Day"
}
```

## Put
Update holiday by ID
- PUT '/holiday/{id}' with body
```
{
    "country": "CA",
    "date": "2026-07-01",
    "description": "Independance Day"
}
```

## Delete
Delete holiday by ID
- DELETE '/holiday/{id}'

## Upload
Upload file (example data.csv provided in resources folder)
- POST '/holiday/upload'
```
{
    "file": {multi-part file}, 
}
```
